Add refreshed model training analysis for per plate dmso models (#43)
WayScience/targeted_fibrosis_drug_screen: 3a.train_dmso_logistic_regression_models/train_platewise_model/README.md

Reviewer: For markdown files, I highly recommend using [semantic line breaks](https://sembr.org/). It is a standard convention that makes it much easier in Git to review sentences and easier to track changes. This is applied in almost all Way Lab repositories and would also be consistent to the format in this repo.

# Train individual machine learning models per plate

> In this module, we train the plate specific logistic regression binary classifier 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module, we train plate specific logistic regression binary classifiers (44 plates * 2 models (final/shuffled) = 88 models).
```

> models using the DMSO control cells predicting from the profiles the cell type label(healthy and failing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We train models using DMSO control cells predicting the heart type of origin, either healthy and failing (known as cell type in the metadata).
```

We apply a pseudo-stratified fold split strategy per plate that consistently
divides a whole well of healthy and a whole well of failing cells into the
testing set, and leaves the rest for training. 

> This is to ensure single cells from the same well cannot span train and test split which is one major source of erratic and hard to explain model performance drop due to problematic well(s). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We apply a pseudo-stratified fold split strategy per plate.
This method divides a whole well of healthy and a whole well of failing cells into the testing set, and leaves the rest for training. 
This ensures single cells from the same well cannot span train and test split which is one major source of erratic and hard to explain model performance drop due to problematic well(s). 
```
